Okay,
guys.
So now we're gonna have an exercise for the input box.
So we're going to create an input box that prompts the user for his password.
So if the password entered is my password and this is case sensitive so he needs to enter
in this same casing,
then a message box will be displayed saying access granted and if the password entered is
incorrect.
So if enters an incorrect password or he enters a blank password or you or represses cancel
on the input box than a message box having guests,
no buttons and VB question will be displayed saying invalidpassword,
would you like to try again or try again?
And if the user clicks,
yes,
the user will be put back to the first input box and get prompted for its posture it again
.
And if the user clicks no,
then we exit the sub.
Now,
I'm gonna demonstrate that macro for you because I've got it already here answered.
And you can look at the answer if you get stuck.
So I'm gonna run it here.
So please enter you password.
If I enter an incorrect password here and click OK,
says invited Pastor,
do you like to try again?
If a click?
Yes,
I try again for entering invited password again and click.
No.
Try again and click.
Then we exit the sub.
And if I enter the correct password here,
my password Correct one and click.
OK,
then access is granted.
So this is the functionality that I need you to create.
So please attempt the exercise.
And if you get stuck,
have a look at the answer here on this exercise answer module.
And if you have any questions,
please leave them in the Q and a section.
Thank you very much watching this video,
and I'll see you on the next one.